README.md, before:

# Dark Heresy 2E - Continued

An **UNOFFICIAL** system for playing Dark Heresy 2E on [Foundry VTT](https://foundryvtt.com/).

It provides support for **character sheets only**, game content should be drawn from official source books.

The project is being continued under the GPL-3.0 License after the original author deleted their project.

## Install
1. Go to the setup page and choose **Game Systems**.
2. Click the **Install System** button, and paste in this [manifest link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/moo-man/DarkHeresy2E-FoundryVTT/master/system.json)
3. Create a Game World using the Dark Heresy system.

## Preview
![Acolyte 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/moo-man/DarkHeresy2E-FoundryVTT/master/asset/preview/acolyte1.jpg)  
![Acolyte 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/moo-man/DarkHeresy2E-FoundryVTT/master/asset/preview/acolyte2.jpg)  

## Related Website
- https://foundryvtt.com/
- https://www.drivethrurpg.com/browse/pub/54/Cubicle-7-Entertainment-Ltd/subcategory/179_21610/Dark-Heresy-Second-Edition

## Licence
[GNU General Public License v3.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/)

Commit message:

Initial Refactor
* Update references to Dark Heresy with Rogue Trader, and Acolyte to Explorer.
* Update System Authors and version number.
* Update package.json dependencies.
* Remove Aptitude compendium pack and icons as Aptitudes aren't a mechanic in Rogue Trader.
* Comment-out Pack compiling from gulpfile.mjs as Packs were removed. Preserving for potential future use.

README.md, after:

# Rogue Trader

An **UNOFFICIAL** system for playing Rogue Trader on [Foundry VTT](https://foundryvtt.com/).

It provides support for **character sheets only**, game content should be drawn from official source books.

The project is being continued under the GPL-3.0 License after the original author deleted their project.

## Install
1. Go to the setup page and choose **Game Systems**.
2. Click the **Install System** button, and paste in this [manifest link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/moo-man/RogueTrader-FoundryVTT/master/system.json)
3. Create a Game World using the Rogue Trader system.

## Preview
![Explorer 1](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/moo-man/RogueTrader-FoundryVTT/master/asset/preview/explorer1.jpg)  
![Explorer 2](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/moo-man/RogueTrader-FoundryVTT/master/asset/preview/explorer2.jpg)  

## Related Website
- https://foundryvtt.com/
- https://preview.drivethrurpg.com/en/product/65991/rogue-trader-core-rulebook

## Licence
[GNU General Public License v3.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/gpl-3.0/)
